Hey everyone, it's start from called code here. I heard a lot of questions about how how
did fable edits on launch videos. I want to go over that. You know, it also made this
deck. So it's a little bit meta. It's also editing this video. No, no, it's not, it's
not. But yeah, it, but it did edit this launch video. And so how did it work? So where
to the video production crew? And we did 17 takes. So there were four scenes in it and
across that we did a bunch of different takes. And this is what I got, right? Like not
color graded 25 gigabytes worth of files and ended up with this. So color graded, we
added some UI, we stitched it all together. And cloud code did everything. I didn't touch
like a didn't touch it terminal or sorry, didn't touch a video either. So yeah, what does
it look like? The starting prompt is this. I'm processing a bunch of recordings of videos,
I want you to run a transcription service on them and stitch together the best shots
into one final clip. You know, no, it's their multiple takes per scene. The best takes
are usually the ones at the end with the fewest arms, but that can change. I can also, I
reshot the final scene. You know, and I asked it to create a JSON file for the video that
shows per scene, each clip we're using. And so this is all, like all I gave it with
folder of videos. I didn't tell it, for example, which videos are in which scenes, right?
And what it did is it transcribed every one of them. So it used whisper and it created this
array of words per video. And it, you know, de-duped them and chose the best one. So I'll
leave 17 takes. I figured out which ones are in which scenes. And then it, you know, like
finds the best one for it, right? And it compiles all of this into an edited JSON file of,
and it compiles all of this into an edited JSON file. Basically, it has every scene,
the candidate takes, the reasons it chose the scenes it did, and the start and end times
per scene. It just doesn't do any clipping in the middle of the video, but it totally could have,
you know, like this was not something that I, I tried to make each cut fairly clean. So,
and then you get F of MPag to like stitch together the first cut. So this is what it looked like.
This is actually a little bit postgrading. So, but yeah, yeah, the F of MPag does this.
Now then we can do the color grader. So the color grader looks muted. Like this is actually what
it looked like here in neutrals 709. What do we want to end up with? And yeah, how can we regrade it?
So it writes, you know, I know nothing about color grading, right? I just know that like it's a thing.
So I just asked it to write a bunch of color gradings. And this is the final, you know, off the
camera to like to a neutral color grade. So, so did that. The next point is I want to create
like design assets. So I gave it previously the script and I had to make a bunch of like design
assets. And then I said, okay, like I want to turn use remotion, remotion is a library that like
takes video and react components and allows you to like kind of export them all together into
an end video. And so I said, okay, let's make a bunch of components for remotion that show that
implements design. So this is what it looks like. It's all react it like chooses the beats and
timings using the transcription JSON that we have before, right? So it has all the state inside
of itself, you know, fades things in and out. It has a bunch of like, you know, knobs I can adjust.
And the final edit is this sort of like, you know, when to show which UI component, right? And so
here's an example of, you know, it switching like a UI component on the right beat. So as soon as I
say, is cloud doing the right work, it switches the two components. And again, students all by itself,
based on the transcription and the and the remotion component. So then I say, like, okay, let's
export the designs to Figma. And yeah, I want to let the design team be able to edit it, right? And so
I start with this. This was like a first pass, essentially like a cloud design like way, but I know
the design team has much better taste than me. And I also give them like the ability to edit the
color reader. They end up doing this. But like, you know, like I sent them an HTML file that like,
let's them play with some of the, like the settings. And then so they go edit the Figma and they
give it back to me. And I just say it's all using the Figma FCP. I just say the design has been
updated in the Figma. Can you update the video to match? And it does this, right? So it like turns
it into this like clean, like, you know, transparent look that the design team put together. And this
is what it looks in the end. So it's a before and after. Or like it's got this like, you know, before
and after you either sample clip. I do watchers might realize that this is not the video we uploaded
to cloud devs. I was not able to turn around the design in time because I mean, Tokyo, but, you know,
I ended up doing it. So, you know, the important thing here is like, this is all just code, right?
There's all cloud code. The cloud code is writing. So every there's a transcript for every JSON.
Then there's that final edit JSON file that I mentioned, right? Then there's this,
this grading, these grading files. Then there are a bunch of React components for emotion. There's
this final edit that stitches all together. And then it uses npx remotion render to render the
video, apply the color grading, do the remotion UI and put it all together in the end. So yeah, you
know, it's and it did it. So yeah, that's that's how it happened. Yeah, Fable is incredible.
Hoping to, you know, make more video knowledge. It's easier to edit. Let me know if you have any
questions. Thanks for that.
